So here we are for round 3 #GNMLol
Time to get back to that #GNMAss for a second round!
I hope you're ready for the third round!
Time to spank a little more!
Oh my I'm gonna enjoy the third round
This is turning me on! I see no reason to stop
You can quit your begging, it doesn't help..
No begging, I'm not into that..
Lets get going!
#GNMGrin this is gonna be fun!
Let round 3 begin..
Let round 3 commence
Time to get started on round 3
Round 3 here we come..
I hope your mind and body is ready for round 3..
Prepare your #GNMAss for another great round
Lets not waste another minute!
You won't enjoy this #SlaveName
#SubName I think a tatoo saying "Slave" would look pretty on your forehead #GNMGrin
You can soothe your #GNMAss once we're done.. Until then..
Round 3 here we come
The Devil is telling me to strike a LOT harder
Instruments are really essential to a good spanking
It is the spankér who is essential to the quality of a spanking
I had a friend once who branded men with her mark once she was done them, they didn't return for round 2..
I once had a friend who would tatoo her name on the cocks of her slaves, imagine that for a moment..
Spanking is an important part to any healthy relationship, never forget that..
The promise of a harsh caning can sometimes be as bad as the actual caning!
Well lets get going!
With pain your spirit becomes unified with your mind..
Let round 3 begin!
Lets get started on round 3!
I can't wait to commence round 3!
I can't wait to really punish that #GNMAss
I can always hear your heartbeat in anticipation!
I bet your heart is beating really fast!
I have a feeling your heart is racing!
I can almust hear you heart beating fast!
I can smell the stench of fear #GNMLol
I that fear I can smell? #GNMGrin
Let round 3 begin!
Lets get started on round 3!
I can't wait to commence round 3!
I bet this turn you on, let see if I can undo that #GNMGrin
Boys always think they like spanking until they meet me..
How cruel a spanking is determines how effective it is..
Remember that pain is just in your mind #GNMLol
Pain unites the mind with the body in a very real way #GNMGrin
I once proved that pain isn't just in the mind #GNMLol
Oh my how your #GNMAss looks fantastic..
Round 3 commence!
Round 3 begin!
Lets get started with round 3
Round 3 here we come
Lets hurry up and start round 3
Pain is good for the soul! So I've heard at least..
Pain and pleasure often comes hand in hand #GNMGrin
I wish you could this from my perspective
Your fine #GNMAss is just getting a better and better color!
Uhhmm I love this!
Round 3 commence!
Round 3 begin!
Lets get started with round 3
Round 3 here we come
Lets hurry up and start round 3
Pain is good for the soul! So I've heard at least..
Pain and pleasure often comes hand in hand #GNMGrin
I wish you could this from my perspective
Your fine #GNMAss is just getting a better and better color!
Uhhmm I love this!