Hello #SubName
#GeneralTime I'm going to take you on a journey to the very center of your consciousness.
A place inside yourself where the thoughts of the outside world grow more and more quiet, until they are only a whisper.
Allow yourself to get comfortable, letting your thoughts fade away as you focus on the sound of my voice.
Good.
Your waking conscious perceives the world in utmost vibrance and clarity, like the knob of an amplifier cranked all the way to 10.
10.
Your brain expects this level of clarity from the world, but #GeneralTime it's okay to let my fingers touch that knob and slowly begin to turn.
9.
A small shift in volume, a slight diminishing of clarity. Barely perceptible, and in your state of comfort you simply do not notice it.
8.
The background noise going quieter still, and as the volume beyond my voice begins to soften, you find yourself beginning to fall deeper into trance.
You welcome my voice deeper inside, seeking out the subconscious self you keep hidden inside. My presence feels so familiar that you wish to feel it even more, aching for me to keep turning the knob.
7.
Slipping further away from all the worries of your waking days, falling more and more into trance as my voice guides you into nothingness.
6.
Exhale deeply, letting your muscles relax as the tension of your body unravels from every fiber of your being.
5.
Halfway between the world of your waking thoughts, and the dreamscapes of your subconscious. You can feel the rush of desire flowing somewhere beneath you. It feels peaceful, inviting. You exhale again, giving up control of your body as you wait for my voice to pull you down even further.
4.
You can feel the waves of arousal emanating from your deepest fantasies, as if they're something tangible you can feel against your skin. All you have to do to embrace them, is to let go completely.
3.
Further and further away from the world as I twist the knob even further. Your every day worldly concerns are barely a concern now as you have almost fallen completely into trance, waiting for there to be nothing but my voice, flowing around the very core of your being.
2.
You start to feel me deep inside, my form wrapping around you and filling the recesses of your soul until there is no part of you that I don't touch.
1.
One more number, one more twist of the dial until the world as you know it disappears completely, and your will is washed away by the desire of subconscious, embracing my words fully in deep trance.
0.
@End