#GeneralTime I want you to admit a simple, but difficult truth to yourself.
I want you to admit that you want to be teased. You want to be tormented. But most of all, you want to feel real, physical desperation that is beyond your control.
This is not the difficult part to admit, #SubName.
It is simple to confess your fantasies, even if the eloquence in the words may sometimes fail you.
No, the difficult part comes with the very nature of your desires. The fact that teasing and denial can be a very lonely experience.
Unlike most forms of submission, the pain of denial stays with you, even when the one who inflicted upon you has gone home, or logged off for the day.
All you can do in your suffering is think of your Mistress, your Goddess, and imagine her pleasure in the long hours of ache and physical distress that is all too real.
Something about those long hours sometimes makes the pain difficult to bear, pulling at you, harder and harder until you find yourself torn in two pieces.
There's the deep, primal part of you that doesn't care about your fetishes. All it wants to do is give in, to cum in a intensely pleasurable explosion of orgasmic bliss.
You try to ignore it, but it gnaws at you like a wild animal, growling and gnashing until it completely overwhelms you.
You try to convince yourself that it's okay to cum, just this once. And sometimes you succeed.
But there's another part of you that only hates the suffering because, put simply, it is not intense enough.
You find yourself squirming in your bed, wishing so badly you could touch. Not to make yourself cum, but to make yourself edge. Over. And over. And over again. Building up the ache to new heights every time you make yourself stop.
But that's just it. You have to make yourself stop, and that is not fulfilling to you because ache is only half of the equation. The other half, is about control.
You don't want to decide how much you suffer. You want to be subjected to suffering beyond your control.
I understand all of this, #SubName, because I want you to feel that kind of ache as well. And I don't want you to cum. 
That's why #GeneralTime I'm going to create a special... companion... for you. And once I've done this, your desires to be teased will no longer make you feel lonely. In fact, in a way, you will never be alone again.
Yes, you are about to help me create a very sexual being that will become a permanent part of your existence. You should not dwell on that idea too much at the moment. All that matters is that all your fantasies will become real, and remain real, whether you want them to or not.
Since she will be a sexual being, I will need you to create sexual energy that I can use to bring her into existence.
And since she will be with you for the rest of your life, it will have to be quite a bit of energy indeed.
So I want you to wrap your hand around your cock and start stroking yourself for me.
It will take a few moments for your physical arousal to grow into something tangible, so in the meantime allow me to pose a philosophical question. What does it mean to be real?
Perhaps you believe that something is real when it can affect the environment around it in demonstrable and repeatable ways.
Or perhaps you believe that all it takes for something to be real, is for one person to simply believe in it enough.
For some people, this may be an interesting area of debate. But for you, it will simply become another difficult truth that you must live with.
The suffering you will feel as a result of this session will never be something you can demonstrate to another person. But it will repeat. Night after night for the rest of your life. Teased and tormented by a presence of your own making that doesn't care if you believe she can exist or not.
You will not need faith to believe she is real. She will continue to increase the unyielding ache in your cock whether you believe in her without question, or spend every waking hour trying to find some other explanation for the inexplicable pain that grips your cock every time you get into bed.
Notice that I specifically said, every time you get into bed. Although she will be a permanent part of you, feeding off your arousal and desperation, she will only manifest herself in the physical world when you are lying down, alone in your bed.
In time, you will find this boundary to be both a blessing, and a curse.
Perhaps I should clarify what it means for your new companion to feed off your desperation, because feeding implies a hunger than can be satisfied. In truth, no matter how much she makes you suffer, it will never be enough to satisfy her. That is why it is necessary to confine her ability to affect you to a single physical space. The ability to move beyond her reach simply by leaving your bed, is your blessing.
I would advise you not to leave it for too long, however. The longer you are away, the greater her need to torture you will become. There is no limit to how much ache she can make you feel with a single touch. The longer you avoid your bed, the more powerful she will become. Eventually she will completely overwhelm your free will, guiding you back to your bed where she can unleash her tormenting fury upon every inch of your cock.
I want you to stop stroking now, and just imagine what it would be like to have this essence within you for the rest of your life. Whatever you may be feeling, excitement, fear, anticipation, even terror. I want you to focus on those emotions as the ache begins to settle in your cock. Imagine those feelings were like countless threads running though your entire body.
Feel my voice guiding you to open up to me, planting a soft little seed in the back of your mind. As you open yourself up to me, welcoming me into the deepest corners of your soul, you find that I am not an intrusion, but a welcome and cherished presence.
You don't feel vulnerable. You don't feel exposed. You feel nothing but warmth as my fingers curl through the threads of your emotions, plucking them free one by one. Weaving them together as your anticipation slowly fades away, and your fear is completely drained until all that remains is gentle acceptance.
You accept the future I've decided for you. As I continue to weave these threads together, you find yourself making room for the companion I have chosen to accompany you.
You can see the threads being woven into ghostly blue fibres, creating muscle, creating skin. As I pull each emotion free from your entire being, an incredibly sexual form begins to take shape. But for the moment, all it is, is just a shape. I still require your sexual energy to fuel the sadistic spark that will come to haunt you in time.
Start stroking for me again #SubName. Feel the ache building slowly beneath the pleasure, and imagine that glowing energy lighting up the threads I'm pulling from your body.
As you start to ache for me, I'll begin using your desperation to create her spark. The essence that drives her will, her desires. While your essence is made of many threads representing many different urges, goals and dreams, her essence will be made of a single thread spun from the very ache building in your cock at this very moment.
She will desire nothing but that ache for the rest of your lives together. She will have no will but to make you suffer. No goal but to torture you every time you lay down on your bed alone. No dreams but to make sure your ache grows more and more each and every single day.
As you continue to stroke for me, that spark will grow brighter and brighter. You will see it in your mind as a blue, glowing ball of energy, growing brighter and brighter until you realize you can physically feel its warmth.
In that moment, she will awaken. Alive. Hungering for your suffering. And bound to you for life.
When you start to feel that heat radiating over your body, I want you to embrace it. Allow yourself to feel the comforting pleasure it brings you, because once the spark has ignited in her eyes, her essence may never allow you such pleasures again.
If nothing else, you should take those words to heart because they are not an idle notion designed to get under your skin. It is simply a difficult truth you must accept. Just as you will be able to feel her physical warmth in reality, she will be able to make you feel many other very real physical sensations.
When you lie in your bed, you will feel a slight charge building in your skin as she draws close to you. The hairs on your arm will stand up, your cock will twitch without your body even knowing why. But your mind will know. It's because she's about to start tormenting you all over again. The only question your mind will ever ask, is what form will it take tonight?
You'll wonder if you'll feel her fingers curling around your shaft, squeezing you to full hardness before slowly pumping up and down. You'll tremble in anticipation of how her fingers are going to feel tonight. Whether they'll be wet and slick, dry and rough, vibrating with static energy or grinding against you with the texture of sandpaper. Her touch is real, vital, pure energy, and it will be able to make you experience any sensation she wishes you to feel.
Or perhaps this will be one of those nights that begins with the feeling of her wet, velvet mouth closing over your straining cock, trapping it between her lips as her tongue slides up and down your shaft. I'm sure you will have felt her mouth on you many times by this point, enduring wave after wave of orgasms that stop just short of exploding as her lips pop free of your cock at the last second, only to plunge down again and keep you right on the very edge.
Or maybe, just maybe this will be one of the nights she takes control of your arms, guiding your hand to your cock and forcing you to stroke to the edge as she agitates the ache deep within your flesh with pulsing waves of static energy. Forcing you to get close, over and over again, before pulling your hands away just before you cum like a sadistic puppeteer.
Now #SubName. I want you to stop stroking.
As your hand falls away, I don't want you to groan or struggle. You will have plenty of time for both soon enough. I want you to focus on the ache, and how much worse it becomes when you have to stop. That sensation of complete and total desperation is something you should remember, because that is what she will make you feel the most.
As long as you're alone in your bed, you will be at her complete and total mercy. Some nights she may only tease you for a few moments and then allow you to have a good night's rest.
Other nights, she may not allow you to sleep at all unless you relocate to the couch. However, if you deny her the full extent of her desires, they will only grow stronger and burn more fiercely. In the end, she will always get what she wants and it may not be wise to keep her waiting. After all, she will be in complete control of your ability to have an orgasm.
Think about how that just made you feel. Think about the little jolt you felt at those words, the crackle of energy in the air as they truly sunk in. That shiver you felt run up your spine was not an instinctual reaction. That was a surge in her life force. To me, it felt like she was trying to smile.
At this point, you may be wondering if you're ever going to cum again. The truth is #SubName, I do not know.
Start stroking for me again, and I will explain.
I'm sure you can feel the cruelty burning at the heart of that glowing ball. I can tell you with great certainty that she would take great pleasure in never allowing you to have another orgasm. What I cannot tell you however, is what you may be able to do to convince her.
Perhaps you could offer her a gift. Poetry and roses could never sway her heart, but enough tokens of your self-inflicted suffering may be enough to convince her to let you cum. At least, every once in a while.
Maybe that makes sense to you. Maybe the connection to her spirit resonates at the thought of that. In which case, it's something to consider about your future, assuming you want orgasms to be a part of them in any way.
On the other hand, perhaps you felt nothing at all. Perhaps your new companion cares less about what gifts you can give, and more about what kind of sacrifices you could make for her.
Consider that for a moment. What, and for how long, would you be willing to give up for her, just for the chance for a single, pleasurable orgasm? If that resonates within you right now, then perhaps it is something you should start thinking about.
Or perhaps you still felt nothing about that connecting the two of you together. In that case, it is very possible that you may never have another orgasm again.
Whatever your future may be, it's too late to change it now. She is already beginning to awaken. Inside you. All around you. Every stroke reinforcing her one and only reason to exist. She is bathing in the same pleasure you are denying yourself, brought into existence by the same suffering she will seek out for the rest of your lives together.
Even as you stroke, you feel yourself losing control of your actions. The threads between your mind and body have been completely severed, woven into her form and giving her total power over both. It is no longer your will that guides your hand. It is not even mine. It is hers alone now, and will remain so forever more.
This is a difficult truth for your mind to accept, but even as you instinctually try to fight it, you find that your hand keeps moving on its own, stroking away with no concern for the ache it's building in your cock. A cock that will rarely, if ever, be allowed to cum again.
Certainly this is a fate that no man would wish upon himself, so even as you question why your hand is still causing this suffering, the possibilities disappear one by one until only one truth, no matter how difficult, remains. The will to control your cock is no longer your own.
As you begin to fully accept this new and permanent part of your life, you will lose the will to struggle against it. You will start to become more and more aware as a countdown begins in the back of your mind.
10
That number is your first hint of awareness, the spark of your own life that ignites and realizes you now share your consciousness with another entity. A watchful, sadistic, sexual being that controls your cock. Controls your orgasms. Controls the fate of your entire sexual future.
9
Slowly becoming more aware, realizing that fear and regret are futile emotions, even if you wished to feel them. The change that has happened inside you is irreversible, no matter how exciting or terrifying it may be. You find yourself feeling very little dread at this prospect. Perhaps you are hopeful this will bring the chance for complete and total submission that you always wanted. Or perhaps, you simply accept that your cock is no longer your own with quiet understanding.
8
The spark within you grows brighter, flickering against the light of this new presence that has joined you. You feel its intent, its will moving down our arms as you continue to stroke. The stroking used to feel like a natural extension of your physical desire, but now your arm feels tethered to a string, pulling and dancing at the whim of this other light inside of you.
7
While her general intentions for you are clear, her immediate motivations seemed locked away from you. You have no idea if she will simply stop your hand once you hear the number 0, or if she will burst into existence in a blaze of glory, edging you over and over as she wears out her new possession in furious excitement.
6
The very idea of control slips further away from your mind as you become more and more awake. The movement of every stroke feels so random, so guided and mechanical that you begin to wonder if you truly ever had control of your own cock at all. The very idea of it now seems unnatural, and unwanted.
5
Names, dates, places. The memories of who you are come flooding back, each one passing through the gaze of the other entity inside of you. You can feel her warmth grow even hotter as she learns your desires, your fears and your fantasies, and you sense her soul scheming tortuous ways to use them against you.
4
Even closer to complete awareness, complete understanding of what has happened to you in this session. You fully understand that every time you enter your bed alone, the companion within you will manifest herself, teasing and tormenting your cock in ways you can actually physically feel. Her only will is to make you suffer, and only she can grant you the release of orgasm.
3
So close now. So close to hearing the magic number 0 and waking fully to a life that is no longer in your control. The desire that fuels you, the sexuality that defines you, and the arousal that inspires you now belongs to a sadistic, sexual being of your own creation.
2
Every breath draws you closer to true awareness, true helplessness. Soon I will disappear, leaving you alone to suffer whatever torments she wishes to inflict on you, for as long as she chooses, for as long as you remain in your bed.
1
Prepare to cross over the threshold, one last step as a man in charge of his sexual fate. With one simple, empty number, the most difficult truth of your desires will be fully realized. You will no longer feel lonely because of your fantasies. Each and every one of them will now be made real, night after night, every night, for the rest of your life. You will never be alone again.
0
@End